Movie Ticket Purchase:
Using Vue.js create the ability for a user to choose movie tickets for at least 3 movies, for either/both child and adults. 

Overall Project Requirements:
1) Site must LOOK PROFESSIONAL! After all this is a WebDev II class!
2) Hardcoding of movies should be avoided – like the plague. For example, if your code allows for three movies and I change that to 4 while grading, the cart should JUST WORK. No recoding should be necessary. (Within reason. I understand your code layout may look best with 3 movies, and when I change your ajax object to work with 8 movies,  things look caty-wompus. This is not what I am referring to)
3) All shopping cart functionality should be done using vue.js. NO PAGE RELOADS or form posting is used to complete this project. 
4) Be as efficient with your code as possible. If you see yourself repeating code – find another way. 

Requirements for the shopping cart data:
1)	Movies will be data received from the Movie DB API. 
2)	Using an asynchronous call – obtain three mvoies (no more – no less)  from the NOW PLAYING category. 
3)	Display the returned Json data using VUE.  
4)	Create the Vue instance. 
a.	Contained in the Vue instance will be your array of movie objects
b.	The vue instance should contain a function to display the totals
i.	You can use a computed property or a function. 
5)	Create a ‘movie’ component
a.	Each movie, title, image, description and cart buttons MUST utilize this Vue Component 
b.	Provide a way for the user to choose either a child’s ticket or an adult’s ticket from each movie/tv category

Ticket  Summary:
•	Subtotals:
o	Qty of children’s tickets purchased per movie
o	Qty of adult’s tickets purchased per movie
o	Subtotal of children and adult tickets per movie
•	Totals:
o	Total of Adults tickets purchased (qty and price)
o	Total of Children’s tickets purchased (qty and price)
o	Combined Total of all purchased tickets (qty and price)
 
Ticket Summary Functionality:
•	User should be able to decrease the adult tickets or children’s tickets purchased
•	User should be able to delete an entire movie purchase 
•	If an item qty is zero – it should not be displayed (for example no children’s tickets shown below)
•	If the movie is removed completely, it shouldn’t show up in the list
•	Each movie should only show up once
 
•	If no tickets are purchased yet, the Ticket Summary should not show
Screenshots of examples below:

My Example Screenshots
 
 

